p folks welcome back to the DC TV
channel but in this video we are going
to review the all-new lollipop version
of four issues and one five and six and
the washing number is Washington 3.2 3.4
0.60 well before starting this review I
would like to share some facts with you
when the previous lollipop motion that
would offer by issue dot homeboys
version 3.2 3.4 0.54 which was
officially taken out of the website
because it had a lot of bug one of the
main issue with the previous version was
the battery drains the battery life was
literally one-fourth of water and I'd
kicked at had to offer to us but now
I've been using this new version for
almost a week and the battery life is
definitely better I wouldn't say it's
better than what kit kat if to offer it
but it's not worst either it's one was
in a similar level and other than that
guys in this video I've even offered you
link on how to download the right
lollipop from work through your issues
in from four five and six and how to
upgrade your phone from cheap cab to
lollipops or to follow this tutorial in
order to have a successful upgrade some
now let's go ahead guys and let's do a
full review of the new lollipop version
so now when we look at the roadblock
screen you can only slight upwards in
order to unlock the screen and now let's
have a look at the notification menu and
the quick menu so now guys if you slide
down you can you can slide down anywhere
on the screen in order to access the
notification menu and the quick menu but
the only issue is in order to access the
quick menu you have to source go through
your notification menu and then you can
access your quick menu and the if you
look at the quick menu there are a few
changes
the owners information has been shifted
to the right top corner and we have
fewer changes initially we just had one
more known as the reading mode available
but now asus has offered us few more
options like ribbon mode which makes
your screen extremely right then we have
a balanced mode which keeps your ether
brightness a lot balanced and other than
that guy is there even offered us the
autostart manager so out here you can
you can destroy it which application you
want to start automatically or you we
want to stop any application from
starting automatically because that
would save memory for you and again
going back to the quick menu you can you
can select which application which tool
or which I don't to be to appear on the
Quick Menu his first let me show you the
version
so if we look at the new version it's
3.2 324 0.60 and winter the ww
underscore user the ww is the sku of the
phone so if in case you want to know
your rescue you can always come to the
birth numbers and check it out yet and
the desktop pretty much looks the same
almost all the applications are the same
and in the previous lollipop version
there was a audio lag in youtube app
application so whenever you whenever if
to watch over to you on the YouTube
application there was always a lot of
you lug and now it's fixed now
everything is fine and then but still
there is one issue that still remains
that is the google map if in case if
even if i'm on my home network on Wi-Fi
or i am on 3g it won't detect my
location so that's a lot of mind because
I can't put my mouth on navigation mode
cuz of that because it always says that
it's waiting for my location well if you
look at the menu again it's the same
it's pretty much the same and the menu
has been divided into smart groups and
if you look at the widgets again pretty
much the widgets are the same
in the ice if we look at the recent app
menu now this is of the recent up menu
look there is a change in the user
interface then there are three options
in the bottom on the right if you click
on the right you can clear the lower
recent opinion or if you if you decide
to pin any of the application to the
recent that money so that even if you
clear it that particular application
which day so you can use the second
option and the option on the left takes
you directly to running service to show
you all the apps that are running so
this is me open the lollipop from